Case Study - Full Stack Engineer

Overview
A D2C brand sells products across multiple sales channels (Shopify, Amazon, Flipkart).
Their ops team needs to know, for each product, whether it's at risk Of running out Of
stock before a new order can arrive from the supplier and since they can't reorder
everything at once, which products should actually get a purchase order this week.
You're building the tool that answers both questions.

Language & Tools
You may use any one of the following:
Python
• JavaScript
Typescript (most preferred)
We will run your code locally. Make sure your submission is:
Easy to set up
• Includes any dependencies (requirements.txt or package.json)
• Includes instructions for how to run your main solution and your test cases


What You're Given
You'll receive:
In the shared ELLE, you'll find "inventory_events.json" - a log Of inventory-related
events per product (SKU):
{ "sku": "SKU-IOI", "channel": "shopify", "type": "sale", "quantity": 10, "timestamp": "2026-08-10T00:00:00Z"
Event type is one of:
O sale - units sold

O return - units returned
O restock - units added to stock
O stock_snapshot - the stock level observed at that moment (quantity is the stock
level itself, not a change). Snapshots arrive periodically, not on a fixed schedule.
SKU catalog (fixed, given):
SKI-J-102
SKI-J-103
SKI-J-104
SKU
SKU-IOI
Primary Channel
Shopify
Amazon
Flipkart
Shopify
Unit Cost
Rs. 200
Rs. 50
Rs. 80
Rs. 500


Other fixed parameters:
O reorder_lead_time_days = 14 - how long it takes for a new order to arrive once placed
O weekly_reorder_budget= 2O,OOO - total available to spend on reorders this week,
across all SKUs
Important: Some events may be malformed (e.g., missing fields, bad timestamp
formats). Your program should gracefully skip them without crashing.


Your Task
Implement a program that:
Reads the event log and determines, for each SKIJ, whether it's at risk Of
stocking out before a reorder placed today would arrive
Given that the budget won't cover a reorder for every at-risk SKU, it decides
which SKUs should actually be reordered this week (and how much of each),
within the Rs. 20,000 budget.
Outputs your recommendations in whatever format you think is most useful for
an ops team to act on

There is more than one reasonable way to interpret "at risk," and more than one
reasonable way to decide which SKUs matter most when the budget is tight. We're not
looking for one specific answer - we're looking at whether the approach you land on is
well-reasoned, clearly stated, and consistently implemented.

Required Test Cases
Please include tests for:
Note:
A SKU that is clearly fine (plenty of stock relative to how fast it sells) + not
flagged
A SKU that is clearly at risk (low stock, steady sales) + flagged
At least one malformed event + skipped without crashing
These are the only cases with one unambiguous right answer, you're welcome to
add more tests covering how your solution handles the less clear-cut situations in the
sample data.

README Requirements
Your README.md must include a section titled "Assumptions & Design Decisions"
explaining the reasoning behind your approach, specifically:
How you defined "at risk of stockout" and why
How you decided which at-risk SKUs get funded when the budget doesn't cover
all of them
The time complexity of your approach
One question you'd ask a PM or the ops team to clarify something the brief left
open

Important Notes
You do NOT need to build a CLI, API, or UI, a script is sufficient
We value: code readability, sound reasoning under ambiguity, and correct
handling of the data you're actually given (not textbook edge cases that don't
appear in the sample data)
There is no hidden answer key for the ambiguous parts of this task. Two candidates can reach different conclusions and both score well, if both are
well-argued and consistently implemented.
Do NOT UPLOAD THIS SOLUTION ON YOUR GITHUB


Example
Given:
reorder_lead_time_days = 14
weekly_reorder_budget = Rs. 20000
SKIJ-IOI: unit_cost = 2OO, has been selling —1O units/day, and the most recent
stock_snapshot shows 80 units on hand


80 units + 10 units/day = 8 days of stock left. A reorder takes 14 days to arrive. So SKU-IOI will
run out before a new order could reach the warehouse. Your output might look something like:

"sku": "SKI-J-101",
"at risk": true,
"days_of_stock_remainingn: 8,
"recommend reorder": true,
"reorder_quantity": 60,
"reorder cost": 12000


What to Submit
Reply to the email with the Assignment brief with the following:
main.py / main.ts / main.js
Your test file(s)
README.md with clear run instructions (Your README must include a short
explanation of how you):
requirements.txt or package.json if needed